Panel content reorganization + Control/Tool rework (#5384)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/keyboard_shortcuts.md

# Keyboard & Mouse Shortcuts

> The most important shortcuts are always shown in the statusbar at the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important shortcuts are always shown in the statusbar at the bottom of the screen.
```

These shortcut hints depend on the active tool and also change when modifiers are pressed to allow easy exploration of available functionality.

A complete listing of all available keyboard & mouse shortcuts for webKnossos can be found below.

## Classic Controls

Note that you can enable *Classic Controls* in the left sidebar.
Without classic controls (which is the default), a more intuitive behavior is used which assigns the most important functionality to the left mouse button (e.g., moving around, selecting/creating/moving nodes) while the right mouse button always opens a context-sensitive menu for more complex actions, such as merging two trees.

> With classic controls, several mouse controls are modifier-driven and may also use the rightclick for actions, such as erasing volume data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With classic controls, several mouse controls are modifier-driven and may also use the right-click for actions, such as erasing volume data.
```

| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Left Mouse Drag or Arrow Keys     | Move (Move Mode) / Add To Current Cell (Trace / Brush Mode) |
| SHIFT + Left Click                | Select Active Cell                                          |
| CTRL + Left Mouse Drag            | Add Voxels To Current Cell while inverting the overwrite-mode (see toolbar for overwrite-mode) |
| CTRL + SHIFT + Left Mouse Drag    | Remove Voxels From Cell                                     |
| Alt + Mouse Move                  | Move                                                        |
| C                                 | Create New Cell                                             |
| W, 1                              | Toggle Modes (Move / Trace / Brush)                         |
| SHIFT + Mousewheel or SHIFT + I, O | Change Brush Size (Brush Mode)                             |
| V                                 | Copy Segmentation of Current Cell From Previous Slice       |
| SHIFT + V                         | Copy Segmentation of Current Cell From Next Slice           |

> Note that you can enable *Classic Controls* which won't open a context-menu on rightclick, but instead erases when the brush/trace tool is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can enable *Classic Controls* which won't open a context-menu on right-click, but instead erases when the brush/trace tool is activated.
```
